go collect it haha hold your hands out
what was your name again you got good
memory Kirsten hold your hands out flat
ladies and gentlemen this is the last
part of my show you don't there you go
keep telling me to shut up this is a
loft or my show artwyrd tell you that I
don't get paid to do this especially in
this bad weather I'm working your tips
and donation you can show your
appreciation and throw it at this cannon
that bucket you don't show your
appreciation or follow your back your
hotel room to take your money there and
if you have nothing to give me there's
an ATM in there or if you don't want to
give me anything to be cheaper vulgar
has ladies and gentlemen if you've got a
napkin hold it in the air and make it
into a paper Paul about this big okay
one two three and four favorite bald
guys are you guys ready for it you ready
you can do it he's cute hold it from
both sides okay what I want you to do is
shake those four pieces of paper up and
down don't do it too fast or it'll turn
into one face to pay from stop I'll
shake your left to right
great stop now lift one foot in the air
shake your head your nasal okay okay
hold that out what was your name Josh
Krista there you go Kristin do you feel
anything in there now rich fit me feel
anything there yes let's see what
happened ladies and gentlemen did you
get the last trick I hope you guys
enjoyed my show so far I'm on TV
I hope you guys enjoy my show you later
gentlemen hope you enjoy my show his
name is Superman he is a magic trick
mouse hold your hands on you can hope to
live hold them in the air as the siders
both make noise how the friend Supergirl
I have no idea where she went thank you
very much your tips are appreciated i
hope you enjoy my show wait there did
they tip me when you get a tip too cuz
you did a good job with that trick that
lucky but wait give me one back where
your mama oh you're not great you take
this at the magic one dollar bill
the magic one dollar bill you taken you
follow the 10 times put it under your
pillow before you go to sleep you wake
up it'll be a magic ten-dollar bill
right mom right thank you very much hope
you enjoyed my show